Add input-activate option to disable activation in input layer (#381)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/configuration/configuration-run.rst

    - Yaml: ``num_ffn_layers_in_decoder: 1``
    - Argument: ``--num-ffn-layers-in-decoder 1``
    - Default value: ``0``

> - **input_activation**: Graphstorm provides this argument as an option to change the activation function in the input layer. Please note, it only accepts 'relu' and 'none'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **input_activate**: Graphstorm provides this argument as an option to change the activation function in the input layer. Please note, it only accepts 'relu' and 'none'.
```

> - **input_activation**: Graphstorm provides this argument as an option to change the activation function in the input layer. Please note, it is only effective for 'relu' or 'none'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **input_activation**: Graphstorm provides this argument as an option to change the activation function in the input layer. Please note, it only accepts 'relu' and 'none'.
```

>     - Yaml: ``input_activation: relu``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Yaml: ``input_activate: relu``
```

>     - Argument: ``--input-activation relu``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Argument: ``--input-activate relu``
```
